# FEniCS Code of Conduct

The FEniCS Project is an engaged and respectful community made up of
people from all over the world. Your involvement helps us to further
our mission and create open tools that serve a broad range of
communities.

At the FEniCS Project and the FEniCS Workshops, we are committed to
providing a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of
gender, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body
size, race, or religion. Workshop organizers will not tolerate
harassment of participants in any form. Sexual language and imagery is
not appropriate for any FEniCS forums or at workshops, including
talks.

Be kind to others. Do not insult or put down other project
participants and users, and remain polite on all FEniCS Project
forums. Behave professionally. Remember that harassment and sexist,
racist, or exclusionary jokes are not appropriate for FEniCS Project
forums and events.

Harassment includes, but is not limited to:

  * Offensive comments related to race, ethnicity, culture, national
  origin, color, immigration status, social and economic class,
  educational level, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity and
  expression, age, physical appearance, family status, political
  belief, religion, and mental and physical disability.
  
  * Sexual images in public spaces

  * Deliberate intimidation, stalking, or following
  
  * Harassing photography or recording
  
  * Sustained disruption of talks or other events

  * Inappropriate physical contact
  
  * Unwelcome sexual attention

  * Advocating for, or encouraging, any of the above behavior

By following the guidelines above and consistently and fairly
resolving any complaints we can make FEniCS Project forums and
workshops welcoming.


## FEniCS Workshops

Workshop attendees violating these rules may be asked to leave the
conference without a refund at the sole discretion of the workshop
organizers.


## Enforcement

* Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to
  comply immediately.
* If a participant engages in harassing behavior at an event, event
  organizers retain the right to take any actions to keep the event a
  welcoming environment for all participants. This includes warning
  the offender or expulsion from the conference with no refund.
* Event organizers may take action to remedy or set right anything
  designed to, or with the clear impact of, disrupting the event or
  making the environment hostile for any participants.


## Reporting

If someone makes you or any other participant feel unsafe or
unwelcome, please report this as soon as possible. Code of conduct
violations reduce the value of our community for everyone and we take
them seriously.

You can make a report to a member of the Steering Council, and for
workshops to a member of the Steering Council or the workshop chair.
